# hello-world
This is just me getting some practice using GitHub so that I can use it like I already use Source Tree to save my progress.

The tutorial for GitHub is making me write something about myself at this point. I just want to see how this works. I can't believe that technology makes this possible. Right now, I am stuck in the Corona-Virus Pandemic and I am stuck. I want to make sure I know how to use GitHub so that I can write code while I study physics and math next year and try to get into Graduate School for Physics. I think that's where I wanted to go all along, but somewhere along that line, life just got so messed up. It doesn't matter though Sri, I believe you put a lot of work in. The problem with being the person that never cheats and works hard is that psychologically, I tend to believe that everyone other than myself are a lot better than me at doing certain things. I'm slowly learning this type of thinking is impeding my progress. I need to recognize and realize how lucky I am to know the things I do and aim for the things I want. I did get extrememly lucky, I feel sometimes, because I feel driven. That's the key to happiness I feel, to have a drive and a goal. Advice: Don't let anyone else tell you any different. I really hope that if I ever come across this letter to myself, that I am happy on the other side of reading it, that I accomplished what I set out and I am smiling to a bright future of my own making. 

If things haven't worked out, don't worry about it buddy, keep your head up high and keep moving foreward (that's what Rocky would say atleast haha). I'm sure you tried your hardest. Just try to find the next best thing and keep trying for that thing you failed at initially. They can't take your life away for trying am I right?
